Change conda for uv (#91)
huggingface/open-r1: README.md

> To run the code in this project, first, create a Python virtual environment using e.g. Conda:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the code in this project, first, create a Python virtual environment using e.g. [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv):
```

```shell
uv venv openr1 --python 3.11 && source openr1/bin/activate  && uv pip install pip
```

Next, install vLLM:

```shell
uv pip install vllm==0.6.6.post1

# For HF (cluster only has CUDA 12.1)
pip install vllm==0.6.6.post1 --extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu121

> export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/path/to/open-r1/openr1/lib/python3.11/site-packages/nvidia/nvjitlink/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH  # Change this path to the actual path on your system

Reviewer: This is pretty clunky, is it something specific to the HF cluster or needed more generally?

Author: I've seen this happen in a bunch of different setups, but I for sure have this issue in the HF cluster all the time. I thought everyone was doing this, I'll ask in the channel.

Author: yep, actually you are also having this issue while running this code in the cluster and Mathieu already suggested adding this as a solution 😅

Reviewer 2: Maybe this to be more flexible ?
https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/111469#issuecomment-2497452760

Reviewer: Chatted internally, seems specific to our cluster.

Author: I love quentin's solution tho. will change this
